# Strategy-of-Campus-WLAN-Network-SecurityBased-on-University-Management-Auditing

According to the 4th year 1 st semester Information Assurance and Auditing IE 4040	 Main Assessment i was selected the this topic for my research topic. --- In the study and management of school`s everyday activities, the campus network is critical with the growing growth and popularity of the campus network security concerns have grown more significant. How to make the campus network secure and efficient, while giving full play to its teaching, Administration, and services roles, has become a problem that cannot be overlooked. Because of the study of the features and frequent risk to campus network security management, network security techniques such as firewalls VLan and others were used to create a set of security policies for the campus network characteristics. Network security and services have never been more important in higher education institutions than they are now. users and organizations are requesting an increasing number of networks services as well as the flow of potentially sensitive data inside these services. To begin with, there is a clear demand for network connectivity on campus.  The program to develop a campus network has become the cornerstone of all university building project , allowing student to access information regardless of their location or time , resulting in an amazing learning environment with more flexibility and a wider range of learning activities .The effort to create a campus network has become the foundation of university construction activity . Auditing information system security is tough, However , ensuring corporate day to day operations , as well as stimulating competition and developing new company chances is becoming increasingly crucial. A conceptual security framework for controlling and auditing information system security is introduced and investigated. The proposed framework is based on a conceptual model approach that is based on the ISO/IEC JCT1 STANDARDS and is designed to assist businesses in better managing their information system security . Keywords – Campus network security threats strategy, Campus network, Network security, Security technology, security threat, Firewalls, security audit management
